Overlays: describe container and position options in more details (#3526)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxToast/1 Configuration/position.md

type: PositionConfig | String
default: 'bottom center', { at: 'bottom left', my: 'bottom left', offset: '20 -20'} (Android), { at: 'bottom center', my: 'bottom center', offset: '0 0' } (phones_on_Android)
---

> If you set the **position**.[of](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PositionConfig/#of) to the particular element, the [shading]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#shading) applies to this element. The {WidgetName} calculates its size relatively to this element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set the **position**.[of](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PositionConfig/#of) to a specific element, the [shading]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#shading) applies to this element. The {WidgetName} calculates its size relative to the element.
```
